Add C# meeting (#201)
bytecodealliance/meetings: SIG-Guest-Languages/Csharp/README.md

# C# SIG Guest Languages Meetings

A meeting for [the Special Interest Group (SIG) on Guest Languages for Wasm, focusing on C#](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/SIG-Guest-Languages/pull/7).

## Time and Location

**When**: every other Tuesday at 8:15am PST (5:15pm CET)
**Where**: Google Meet (https://meet.google.com/qsi-giid-vib)

## Attending

> Join the following google group: https://groups.google.com/g/ba-sig-guest-languages/c/2ovNM27dp7U, invite in past emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join [the SIG Guest Languages google group](https://groups.google.com/g/ba-sig-guest-languages), the meeting invite is in past [emails](https://groups.google.com/g/ba-sig-guest-languages/c/2ovNM27dp7U).
```
